---
layout: page
title: Data Source
permalink: /docs/en/dataset-source
key: dataset-en
article_header:
  type: cover
  theme: dark
  image:
    src: /docs/assets/images/case_new.jpg
aside:
  toc: true
sidebar:
  nav: dataset-en
---


## Auslan-Daily Communiction

- **Sally and Possum:** Sally and Possum is an innovative television series for young children who are deaf or hard of hearing and whose primary language is Auslan. Follow the fun adventures of Sally and Possum as they explore, discover and learn about the world around them using Auslan sign language. Best friends, Sally and Possum do everything together. Whether it’s making delicious, smooth icing for a cake or flying high in a hot air balloon, Sally and Possum turn everything into an interesting and exciting journey.


## Auslan-Daily News:


- **ABC News with Auslan:** The latest news and information from ABC News. This bulletin will be Auslan interpreted to provide accessible information to keep Australia's deaf community connected and informed. Presented by Miriam Corowa.
- **Expression Australia:** Expression Australia, formerly known as Vicdeaf, is a non-profit organisation established in 1884 and is the source of reference, referral, advice and support for people experiencing barriers to participation.
- **Lingthusiasm:** Lingthusiasm is a podcast that's enthusiastic about linguistics as a way of understanding the world around us. From languages around the world to our favourite linguistics memes, Gretchen McCulloch and Lauren Gawne bring you into a lively half hour conversation on the third Thursday of every month about the hidden linguistic patterns that you didn't realize you were already making.